README.md, before:

# Getting started with the Biochemistry Analyzer CCL-210 from China Care Medical 

This is a guide to get started with the equipement. It also helps to ensure that the software and the equipment is working as expected. 
In this tutorial you can expect a clear guide on how to:

- Prepare your working environment 
- Connect the equipment to your computer and other cable and pipes
- Setting up your Windows system 
- Installing the main Software and setting up
- Placing the Reagent and Sample on the wheel



| 🟥: Disclaimer          |
|:---------------------------|
| This post is not a User Manual Guide for Biochemistry Analyzer. But it can be used for first use or checking if the tool is working as expected. For a copy of the official manual guide please check if your local supplier or get a copy [here](https://github.com/py-tony/China-Care-Full-Automated-Benchtop-Clinical-Blood-Chemistry-Biochemistry-Analyzer-/blob/main/1582d062ab01d45b284ed9752829c434.pdf)   |


## China Medical

China care medical supply medical equipment, Lab equipment and veterinary Equipment in money countries. They aim to make quality medical tool accessible to everyone while saving their customer money and time. You can place an of any medical tool online ---> [order online](https://www.chinacaremedical.com/) or get in touch with an approved [local facilitor](https://py-tony.netlify.app/contact_china_care.html#gsc.tab=0).

Today we're going to have a closer look at one of their equipement I had the privelege to install in the Republic Democratic of Congo called Biochemistry Analyzer.


## What is a Biochemistry Analyzer


![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55901714/164881338-4753afc2-ad3c-4062-bd7f-63228912b30a.png)


The tedious part about getting human blood or other body fluid samples for testing is the actual analysis of each sample to test for anomalies. Traditionally, these tests were done manually by a human technologist who carefully examined each sample for results. Over time, however, it became apparent that the task takes too much time and effort, not allowing more than a few samples to be tested and analyzed every day. That is where the Biochemistry Analyzer intervine.


Also Known as a Full Automated Benchtop Clinical Blood Chemistry Biochemistry Analyzer, CCL-210, is a equipement used to measure the concentration of certain proteins, enzymes, electrolytes, metabolites, or even drugs in the provided samples of urine, blood, serum, plasma, or other body fluids. The machine consists of a tray where the samples are loaded to be tested. You can get a cotation or a fully live explanation of the product by a local representative [here](https://py-tony.netlify.app/contact_china_care.html#gsc.tab=0) or order directly online at [www.chinacaremedical.com](https://www.chinacaremedical.com/).

If you're already have one and struggling with installations you can get in touch with a local technicnician by filling up this [form](https://py-tony.netlify.app/contact_china_care.html#gsc.tab=0) or just by following this handy how to guide.


## Prepare your environment

After buying your the Auto Biochemistry Analyzer you still need some other device and setup to get the tool working. 

| Prerequisites          |
|:---------------------------|
| - The Auto Biochemistry Analyzer ready with it cables and pipes |
| - Computer with windows 10 or higher version and 9 point plug (we recommend at least a desktop with i3 processor for a good experience)|
| - A printer with A4 or A4 paper format |
| - The software ready in your cd or on your computer (you can download one at the link provided below it the recommended option) |
| - Download and install chinese simple language |

Download main software [here](Auto Chemistry Analyzer-210 (1) (1).rar)

## Connecting the Auto Analyzer machine to your computer

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55901714/164883601-981ad10b-4503-4365-b261-74b651775aff.mp4

Make sure that your computer has a 9 point plug port. We recommend that you do not connect to power source until all the set up is done.

## Getting your System ready to install the software and run it

Here we're going to setup our Windows system to make it ready for the Biochemistry Analyzer software by: 

- Creating or making sure that we have a partition dedicated for our program
- Add the D: drive to Windows Firewall whitelist
- Change the Current System Language to Chinese(simplified) and change the time zone
- Download and copy the Auto Chemistry Analyzer [software] (Auto Chemistry Analyzer-210 (1) (1).rar) 
- Copy the software to the :D drive or the drive that is in th firewall whitelisted
- Unzip the file and Run the software

#### Create partition
We recommend that you create a dedicated partition for this software because the software won't work if the drive is not in the firewall whitelist. You can deactivate the security of the system or put the system drive (C:) in the whitelist but that will make your system vulnerable to virus attacks and we do not recommend doing that.

If you already have a D: drive skip this step. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55901714/164978318-b4c44293-7a58-4c21-be1f-d3a626a2a8b9.png)





If you do not have a partitioned drive, please watch the tutorial below on how to partition a :C drive and create a :D drive.

[how to partition disk in windows 10](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQQ-ohOdcZU)




### Add the D: or the partitioned drive to Windows Firewall whitelist 

From your desktop in the windows search box type Windows security select the first result ----> virus & threat protection ---> Manage settings ----> Under `Exclusions` type Add or remove exclusions ---> (accept if prompt for admin permissio) ---> 'Add an exclusion` ---> `Folder` ---> Navigate to the drive (partitioned) select it and `select folder` to confirm the entry. 

Congratulations, you just made your drive vulnerable 😊 


![windows_whitelist](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55901714/164981728-9fd6cfbd-4149-41b8-9e39-7c94e64b4f6b.gif) 

Your system might be different from the one in the above example, feel free to search on google for your particular system.

From your desktop click on Start and 
- Change the Current System Language to Chinese(simplified) and change the time zone
- Download and copy the Auto Chemistry Analyzer [software] (Auto Chemistry Analyzer-210 (1) (1).rar) 
- Copy the software to the :D drive or the drive that is in th firewall whitelisted
- Unzip the file and Run the software


### Change the Current System Language to Chinese(simplified) and change the time zone




```
The letter that identify the drive doesn't matter as long as it is not the main drive. 
It could be   D: ,  E:  ,  F: , etc..
```







Unzip or extract the file using any .rar or .zip file extrator you can [download a free winrar here](https://www.win-rar.com/predownload.html?&L=0)
 

- Download and copy the Auto Chemistry Analyzer [software] (Auto Chemistry Analyzer-210 (1) (1).rar) - Copy the software to the :D drive or the drive that is in th firewall whitelisted - Unzip the file and Run the software Unzip or extract the file using any .rar or .zip file extrator you can [download a free winrar here](https://www.win-rar.com/predownload.html?&L=0)

Commit message:

Add the instruction on how to change the system locale language

README.md, after:

# Getting started with the Biochemistry Analyzer CCL-210 from China Care Medical 

This is a guide to get started with the equipement. It also helps to ensure that the software and the equipment is working as expected. 
In this tutorial you can expect a clear guide on how to:

- Prepare your working environment 
- Connect the equipment to your computer and other cables and pipes
- Setting up your Windows system 
- Installing the main Software and setting it up
- Placing the Reagent and Sample on the wheel



| 🟥: Disclaimer          |
|:---------------------------|
| This post is not a User Manual Guide for Biochemistry Analyzer. But it can be used for first use or checking if the tool is working as expected. For a copy of the official manual guide please check if your local supplier or get a copy [here](https://github.com/py-tony/China-Care-Full-Automated-Benchtop-Clinical-Blood-Chemistry-Biochemistry-Analyzer-/blob/main/1582d062ab01d45b284ed9752829c434.pdf)   |


## China Medical

China care medical supply medical equipment, Lab equipment and veterinary Equipment in money countries. They aim to make quality medical tool accessible to everyone while saving their customer money and time. You can place an of any medical tool online ---> [order online](https://www.chinacaremedical.com/) or get in touch with an approved [local facilitor](https://py-tony.netlify.app/contact_china_care.html#gsc.tab=0).

Today we're going to have a closer look at one of their equipement I had the privelege to install in the Republic Democratic of Congo called Biochemistry Analyzer.


## What is a Biochemistry Analyzer


![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55901714/164881338-4753afc2-ad3c-4062-bd7f-63228912b30a.png)


The tedious part about getting human blood or other body fluid samples for testing is the actual analysis of each sample to test for anomalies. Traditionally, these tests were done manually by a human technologist who carefully examined each sample for results. Over time, however, it became apparent that the task takes too much time and effort, not allowing more than a few samples to be tested and analyzed every day. That is where the Biochemistry Analyzer intervine.


Also Known as a Full Automated Benchtop Clinical Blood Chemistry Biochemistry Analyzer, CCL-210, is a equipement used to measure the concentration of certain proteins, enzymes, electrolytes, metabolites, or even drugs in the provided samples of urine, blood, serum, plasma, or other body fluids. The machine consists of a tray where the samples are loaded to be tested. You can get a cotation or a fully live explanation of the product by a local representative [here](https://py-tony.netlify.app/contact_china_care.html#gsc.tab=0) or order directly online at [www.chinacaremedical.com](https://www.chinacaremedical.com/).

If you're already have one and struggling with installations you can get in touch with a local technicnician by filling up this [form](https://py-tony.netlify.app/contact_china_care.html#gsc.tab=0) or just by following this handy how to guide.


## Prepare your environment

After buying your the Auto Biochemistry Analyzer you still need some other device and setup to get the tool working. 

| Prerequisites          |
|:---------------------------|
| - The Auto Biochemistry Analyzer ready with it cables and pipes |
| - Computer with windows 10 or higher version and 9 point plug (we recommend at least a desktop with i3 processor for a good experience)|
| - A printer with A4 or A4 paper format |
| - The software ready in your cd or on your computer (you can download one at the link provided below it the recommended option) |
| - Download and install chinese simple language |

Download main software [here](Auto Chemistry Analyzer-210 (1) (1).rar)

## Connecting the Auto Analyzer machine to your computer

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55901714/164883601-981ad10b-4503-4365-b261-74b651775aff.mp4

Make sure that your computer has a 9 point plug port. We recommend that you do not connect to power source until all the set up is done.

## Getting your System ready to install the software and run it

Here we're going to setup our Windows system to make it ready for the Biochemistry Analyzer software by: 

- Creating or making sure that we have a partition dedicated for our program
- Add the D: drive to Windows Firewall whitelist
- Change the Current System Language to Chinese(simplified) and change the time zone
- Download and copy the Auto Chemistry Analyzer [software] (Auto Chemistry Analyzer-210 (1) (1).rar) 
- Copy the software to the :D drive or the drive that is in th firewall whitelisted
- Unzip the file and Run the software

#### Create partition
We recommend that you create a dedicated partition for this software because the software won't work if the drive is not in the firewall whitelist. You can deactivate the security of the system or put the system drive (C:) in the whitelist but that will make your system vulnerable to virus attacks and we do not recommend doing that.

If you already have a D: drive skip this step. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55901714/164978318-b4c44293-7a58-4c21-be1f-d3a626a2a8b9.png)





If you do not have a partitioned drive, please watch the tutorial below on how to partition a :C drive and create a :D drive.

[how to partition disk in windows 10](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQQ-ohOdcZU)




### Add the D: or the partitioned drive to Windows Firewall whitelist 

From your desktop in the windows search box type Windows security select the first result ----> virus & threat protection ---> Manage settings ----> Under `Exclusions` type Add or remove exclusions ---> (accept if prompt for admin permissio) ---> 'Add an exclusion` ---> `Folder` ---> Navigate to the drive (partitioned) select it and `select folder` to confirm the entry. 

Congratulations, you just made your drive vulnerable 😊 


![windows_whitelist](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55901714/164981728-9fd6cfbd-4149-41b8-9e39-7c94e64b4f6b.gif) 

Your system might be different from the one in the above example, feel free to search on google for your particular system.

From your desktop click on Start and 
- Change the Current System Language to Chinese(simplified) and change the time zone
- Download and copy the Auto Chemistry Analyzer [software] (Auto Chemistry Analyzer-210 (1) (1).rar) 
- Copy the software to the :D drive or the drive that is in th firewall whitelisted
- Unzip the file and Run the software


### Change the Current System Local Language to Chinese(simplified) 

Check out this [tutorial](https://www.tenforums.com/tutorials/132050-change-system-locale-windows-10-a.html#:~:text=The%20system%20locale%20controls%20the,that%20do%20not%20support%20Unicode.) for a step by step guide.


From your Destop search in the search bar `control panel` ---> Go to `Clock and Region` ---> Go to `Region` ---> navigate to `Administrator` Tab on the top most bar ---> Click on `Change System Locale ---> Under `Current System Locale`, drop down the list and select `Chinese (Simplified, China)` Click `OK` and Restart your computer.






```
The letter that identify the drive doesn't matter as long as it is not the main drive. 
It could be   D: ,  E:  ,  F: , etc..
```







Unzip or extract the file using any .rar or .zip file extrator you can [download a free winrar here](https://www.win-rar.com/predownload.html?&L=0)
 

- Download and copy the Auto Chemistry Analyzer [software] (Auto Chemistry Analyzer-210 (1) (1).rar) - Copy the software to the :D drive or the drive that is in th firewall whitelisted - Unzip the file and Run the software Unzip or extract the file using any .rar or .zip file extrator you can [download a free winrar here](https://www.win-rar.com/predownload.html?&L=0)
